well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
dancing nurses and a guy named Matt
Walsh from I guess the daily wire he has
an issue with them dancing now if you're
unaware nurses have been doing
choreograph dances or conga lines
whatever posting it to Facebook Tech
Talk YouTube doesn't matter this has
apparently hurt mr. Walsh's feelings he
feels that they should be busy working
doing something that they shouldn't have
time to dance or that this is an
indication that it's not really that bad
or whatever so we made a tweet got some
backlash made a video and we're going to
talk about all that but first I want to
tell you a story and it's a story about
somebody a lot of you may know if you
haven't met him
you probably heard me talk about him
doing relief efforts and stuff like that
just realize I didn't ask his permission
tell the story but I'm gonna tell it
anyway because I don't think he's gonna
care so if you've ever met Joe bear he's
a nice guy
he's a nice fun guy there's no other way
to describe them something you may not
know about him is that he once gave a
dance of an exotic nature in the back of
an armored vehicle as he was rolling out
with Task Force 20 to go snatch a
high-value target in the middle of a
combat zone seems weird right shouldn't
have time to do that he was doing
something pretty important I shouldn't
have time to do that it seems odd why
would you even want to dance like that
anyway it's crazy
except it's not dancing before battle
that dates back to prehistory dates back
to prehistory in fact today there are
still indigenous cultures that will
dance around a campfire and chant psych
themselves up and get them ready for
what they're gonna deal with convinced
themselves that that opposition that
they're gonna face it's not going to
touch them it's there
mine right gets them psychologically
prepared for what they're gonna deal
with it's good for morale it's kind of
like maybe that's what the nurses you're
doing cuz they're walking into battle -
they're gonna dance in that hallway then
they're gonna walk into that room and
dance with the Reaper to protect your
hypothetical loved ones life I would
prefer they be in the right frame of
mind so they're doing it for the age-old
reason they're also posting them online
to raise the morale and show camaraderie
and solidarity with people who are in
hospitals that are maybe a little more
rigid that wouldn't allow that or maybe
the videos are made in hospitals where
it hasn't hit yet and they're trying to
raise the morale of those that are
really in the midst of it
this isn't a new thing it's been going
on since before writing okay so let's
get on to the tweet and the video and
all that stuff so he made the tweet and
the video from there certainly appears
to be from a maternity ward but this
bothered him he's taking this as
evidence that either it's not that bad
or you know they're neglecting patients
whatever you know again we've just got
to have somebody to blame right now so
after the backlash that should have been
foreseeable he makes a video the video
says that health care workers caused us
to voluntarily plunge ourselves into a
great depression that's not true
that's inaccurate the advice of health
care workers which weren't nurses by the
way probably would have triggered a
recession that's true the depression
came from people like mr. Walsh people
who push the idea that this wasn't a big
deal people that push the idea that they
should still go out people that provide
information that may have been let's
just say less than accurate such as mr.
Walsh's tweet where he talks about we
shouldn't have to handle the entire
country the way we do New York because
of population density population density
has nothing to do with this there's a
whole bunch of people in South Dakota
that can attest to that right now
everybody in that cluster it's not the
population density of a city or state
that matters it's the activities and how
close they are together and the longer
people go out unnecessarily and engage
in those activities and get close and
don't social distance and don't wash
their hands and don't wear a mask and
don't do all of the things that they
need to do to slow it down but longer
this is gonna last it takes us from a
recession to a depression this could
have been over in like 30 days had there
been some solidarity some camaraderie
had people with a following actually got
behind it and said yeah this is what we
need to do
we kind of had that obligation I would
suggest we have that obligation he goes
on to say that we did this because the
hospitals were overrun no no that's not
why we're doing it's not why we're
staying home we're staying home to make
sure they're not overrun the fact that
some nurses have time to make videos
kind of suggests that it's working
that's the whole idea of that curve that
everybody's talking about
seems like somebody with a following
should have researched and understood
this by now the idea is to keep it below
the threshold that our medical
infrastructure can handle so the whole
point is to make sure they don't get
overrun then he makes the the plea on
behalf of the employees this is
unprofessional this isn't a good idea
this is wrong because there might be
employees who office their jobs who are
now in a food bank line and you know
they're seeing this and thinking if
nurses can dance why can't I go back to
work and that's a good question he says
no it's not no it isn't and it's your
duty as somebody with a following to
explain why it's not because if they go
out and they engage in activities that
are not essential then this gets
prolonged and the recession gets turned
into a depression they can't go back to
work so they don't end up like that
cluster in South Dakota
it's not a good question he goes on to
say that he gets high stress jobs no no
he doesn't I'm certain of that and he
follows that up pretty quickly with the
idea of saying that he knows knows mind
you that nurses aren't like going home
and grieving for their loved one
therefore the for his loved one his
hypothetical loved one who lost their
life they're not grieving for them
they're not mourning them you he thinks
he knows that I can assure you that's
wrong nurses do in fact go home and
grieve for patients they'll go home and
grieve for patients that weren't theirs
simply because they reminded him of
somebody or maybe they were the same age
as their kid it happens a lot I don't
think he understands high-stress jobs
because then the dancing and all of
these claims would not have been made
they wouldn't have been made he goes on
to say that he's not sorry because he
knows that the more people that tell him
that he's wrong well that just means
that he's right because that makes sense
this whole community of right-wing
pundits they're gonna start doing this a
lot they're gonna be looking for
scapegoats they're gonna be trying to
find people that they can pin this on
and blame it on because they don't want
to accept responsibility for prolonging
this because their whole shtick on that
side is to say oh pull yourself up by
your bootstraps you're better than those
people over there those people that
needed assistance and they do all of
this pandering to make those people feel
better than somebody below them they do
everything they can to kick down and now
that the audience they pander to needs
help and they need assistance man they
gotta come up with - gotta come up with
somebody to scapegoat if they don't it
may may shake the very foundations of
what they believe their whole platform
because people might need help maybe
that means those other people that
they've been looking down
down on maybe they just had something
happen to nurses docs dance do primal
chanting paint your face whatever it
takes for you to pregame and getting the
mindset to walk into that room and do
your job do it we got your back those of
us who actually get high stress jobs
those of us who have seen the downside
of not being focused and that's the last
thing I want to touch on he talks about
nurses needing to show more decorum
because the family members it would be
upsetting to family members to see
nurses dancing he retweeted a a message
that said that you know they're
obviously not camera shy so why don't we
have footage of these over on hospitals
it would be upsetting to family members
to see nurses dancing but it wouldn't be
upsetting to see their family members as
patients gasping for breath just so some
pundit some podcaster could have a
talking point
if you have a platform right now you
have an obligation to do your part to
lead people to keep them safe and if
that doesn't do it for you your
obligation your responsibilities to this
society let me give you the personal
interest that motivates the right-wing
most the time these are your patreon
sponsors these are the people that buy
your merchandise these are the people
that watch those ads that you get
revenue for and your stances are
literally killing them anyway it's just
a fall y'all have a good night